so welcome again to kitchen tune-up
here's another kitchen I know I'd like
you to see will flash some before
pictures up on the screen this is a
kitchen done in white thermal foil or
RTF as its called
so let's take a look it's got a very
very clean look but have a peninsula in
here I redid the entire appliance area
upgraded it
she's got gas cooking now and microwave
over which is pretty typical and really
nice tile backsplash you can see that
that tile nice design here under the
under the microwave and as we look try
to get further back here nice granite
countertops new dishwasher and again
took the cabinet's all the way up to the
ceiling forum so they have a lot of a
lot of room under cabinet lights that
you can see shining in there and boxed
in the fridge which is pretty typical so
will box in that refrigerator so it
gives you a much cleaner look new
hardwood floors in here and also put a
butler pantry over here for them to have
some access some countertop space over
here along with some very large storage
area
broom closet here on the end we open
that up so just for some tall storage
and what not so we'll file this one
under weight RTF again see we can else
do glass doors and as you can see put
some put some display items in there we
also for this client went ahead and put
some bead board & chair rail molding
along the eating area that matches the
back of the cabinetry and painted walls
and the ceiling some new electrical you
can see can lights
that were put up throughout the ceiling
and client made their own drapes I think
they should go in business doing that it
looks great
so that's the white RTF kitchen we'll
see you next time in kitchen tuna
you